11 Social media tools:
Facebook business suits tool gives the array of detail targeting tools you should be comfortable with before branching out alternatives.
Try find tools that performs multiple task for you hence reduce number of tools required. Multipurpose solution.
Example tool that schedule post to all social media channel at once is better than tool for scheduling post on specific channel.
Using social media for business purposes are all about ROI. Try cost effective.
3rd party social media tools multi task cost effective and should provide unique features where platform don’t have built in.
Tools should have unique capability in social media strategy is key consideration.

Facebook Business Suite: powerful to market in both fb and instagram.
FBS provide ability to build custom ad audience. With custom audience, you can target user from establish customer list ie already established email list from CRM db. Great way to do remarking campaign on fb. Messenger in business suit for both fb and instagram is present but first user should message + auto response section to automatically response.

3rd party app mobile monkey allow you to build chat bot.

Twitter Analytics Tool: best analytics tools.  
IGTB allow to post long form videos to instagram.

HOOTSUITE is the best tool:hootsuite.com It is powerful all in one social media management platform reliability and multipurpose solution.
Schedule post in all social site using hoot suite.
Another tool sproutsocial.com more features than hoot suites. Another is buffer.com can work for one organization and cheap.

When it comes to multipurpose social media management tools, https://www.semrush.com/features/social-media-marketing many not be first tool that come to mind but resent years it has added social media features and when we combine them with search engine marketing and optimization, demurs becomes viable feature for SEO focused social media managers. https://www.semrush.com/features/ all features.
Two features ability to schedule posts and addition to above tools it helps you manage social media ads and boosted posts on fb and instagram. it is expensive but best then above as it does both SEO management and social media management.

Free tool for instagram to schedule post later.com best free use it. For free 30 post a month.
