Course 1: SEO link building:
Link building: link popularity, the more high quality link that point to your website, the higher you will rank in search engine result page.
(SERPs).
We will look at link analysis tools.
Links helps search engine to discover content of your website, link identify content is valuable as other have back linked.
All links are not valuable. More quality ink point to your side more visitor you will receive.
Link analysis tools:
moz.com/link-explorer
https://majestic.com/reports/site-explorer
ahrefs.com/backlink-checker

link popularity: the more high quality link points to your site, the more likely your targeted keyword rank in search page.
A measure of how popular a webpage is based on number of links pointing to that page called link popularity.
Not only link popularity but also quality of inbound links is also considered for ranking page so link popularity alone don’t determine ranking.
Inbound links are links that come from other websites or a different domain name. Outbound links are those links on your website that link out to websites with a different domain name.
linkpopularity.com
moz.com
majestic.com
ahrefs.com

Search engine uses more than basic link popularity for determining page ranking in search engine result pages. Google uses pageRank algorithm to determine value assigned to every page based on number of links point to that page called authority. As one page links to another sends authority to another. If two web pages links to one of our page of our site and if one has high page rank while other have low than authority given to our page by high page rank site is more than low page rank site. Also amount of authority passed on by a page is diluted by total number of outgoing links on that page. If page with high page rank having only one outgoing link passes more authority than same page having more outgoing link.
Google no longer publishes pageRanks data publicly so, tool we use uses their own pseudo page rank metrics eg moz uses page authority, majestic uses citation flow metrics as replacement of page rank and ahrefs uses URL rating etc.

SITEWIDE AUTHORITY(trust rank): it is the ranking given to entire domain/entire website. It include overall links and quality of those links as well as manual intervention done by google team(eg website with .gov is more trustworthy than .com. Trust rank is transferred through link in same way as page rank is transferred. Trust rank is also called domain authority. Passes authority. Trust rank also can be diluted based on number of outgoing link from particular website as in page rank. High trust rank website passes more authority if outgoing link is small. Both page rank and trust rank algorithm used to determine which page should rank higher. Like page rank google don’t publicly release trust rank data so, tools comes with it’s alternative, pseudo trust rank scores metrics, majestic website use trust flow, moz.com uses domain authority, if I enter new page, page authority changes while domain authority remain same. ahrefs uses Domain rating etc

Anchor text is important as google uses as keyword to rank that hyperlink in anchor tag.
Wordpress CMS.

Links placement: make sure link placed in body of text. Place link at top helps in human aspect easy to click. Makes sure link placed outside of javascript as google can’t read javascript. You want to have your link on page having high page rank and website with high trust rank.
We wank our link to be placed on pages that are indexed by search engine.
Add target=\_blank in anchor tag for external link but not on internal links but don’t affect in search engines only user experience.
In anchor tag one property rel=“nofollow” this tells search engine not to pass authority to this link so, used when people add comment rel=“nofollow” gets automatically added which ensure search engine aren’t taking into account on passing page rank and trust rank from your site to link site because in old days this is used to spam website as authority can be passed through commenting site. Descriptive anchor text better than image anchor text.

Link analysis tools: moz.com
Take look at your and review own backlink profile.
Review backlink of our competitors.
Reddit forum/discussion group campaign for creating inbound links.
directory campaign

Real link vs fake link: creator find link valuable vs monitory offer in exchange for links
Providing value to users set web site up.
Social networking account(despite nofollow links): must social site use no follow links.
Link pages to profile page of site you are member of eg fb profile..
forum(reddit)
Links in directories: if site you promoting related to your local business, like law firm, medical office, retail store, plumber etc it’s good idea to get links from local dir which increase chance someone find your business.

Link your website to:
Some local directory: google my business, bing places for business, yellow pages, yelp, city search.
Some directory services:advice local, synup, bright local, yext,  
Speciality directory according to your niche.
If directory to list your website are paid look page rank and trust rank for those directory before paying..
Use Guest blogging to link your site..
Avoid paying for link placement in blog.

1>Find blog that provide value to your backlink profile. Google. Earphone Nepal“guest post” and find blog/site
2>Show the blog owner how your site is valuable to their reader.
3>Contact blogger and suggest ways you both can work together. Show them how your link benefit their readers.
4>You can write each-other if same industry.

Contest/giveways to viewers. Give free product /coupon

Creating Link bait: LinkBait is content designed to attract attention and encourage those viewing it to create hyperlinks to the site, with the aim of improving site’s position on the list of results returned by search engine.
Link bait can also be defined as content marketing.
One way to do as master is create a platform where users create the content or link bait for you classic eg YouTube, wiki, reddit and even social networking sites. All this site benefited from user created content generating literally billions of links to their sites.
For you cannot (not impossible) to built such huge platform but you can do on modest scale by hosting blog on subject related to your working industry. Make blog portion for each product of your e-commerce or hose in different site.

Blog/content marketing ideas:
1> Free/paid Online tools and calculators is great way to receive lot of links to your website.
Mortgage company do this in their website where people can calculate average mortgage based on some metrics.
2> do in-depth tutorials or how to articles.
3> news about recent industry changes.
4> series of video about using your product.
5> infographics in pages..
YouTube and wiki are similar and make use of user-generated content or link bait. In fact many of top words websites do this like job hunt site, room finder site, one method to create support forms related to product or service as apple do where customers post questions about the products. Support forms can act as link bait attracting thousand of links.

Social site links are always nofollow links but those link gives you visitors to your sites.social network post sometime get in search results.
Google penalizes paid link in sites but not premium directory which backlinks many business. Directory and local directories site have human review and vetting process are more likely to be accepted by google rather than penalize. Eg yahoo small business.

Link building: blog, directories and forum.
Creative method to get links ie backlinks(infographics): can drive lot of traffic.
Press release services:they do cost money but they will write press releases for you and comes with follow links.
Content marketing: high quality content.

AUGMENTED REALITY MARKETING: shopping with viewing product 3D AR. Try on digital sun glass if it fits this have huge impact on conversion. Interacting product with AR leads 95% higher conversion rate. Consumer get details of product shape, size and scale they looking at. AR for physical products. Where to deploy your AR campaign snapchat, insta, fb, TikTok, browser, wearable device etc.
Brand augmented reality identity using 6p’s of marketing, (product, price, place, people, promotion, performance), AR provides new analytics. We can optimize AR experience using those metrics.

Digital marketing
How to leverage from digital tools and channels to drive awareness, lead, sales, and referrals for your brand.
Using T-shaped marketing you are very wide and shallow and covers all aspects of digital marketing.
Not only creating a message but a way to amplify it.
Attract and engage prospect.
Convert lead into customer.
Transform Byers into raving fans.
Stranger to raving fans.
Lead means stranger(prospect) gives you contact info.
Customer become advocates=raving fan= turning customers into marketing partners as they promote our product and awareness.
8 core discipline to be marketer: to build top of your T and own the integrity of customer journey.
1> digital marketing strategy:
2> content marketing:
3> digital advertising: organic content itself can be enough if your content go viral else bid for paid traffic for awareness.
4> email marketing: oldest but most effective for ROI.
5> social media marketing:
6> search marketing: when somebody looks keyword related to your brand you to show up. Cheap and freely.
7> data and analytics: metrics that matter,
8> testing and optimization: to know when test reach statistical significance and can change metrics for optimization.

Digital marketers should answer
Whole do you serve..target..? customer avatar canvas
how you articulate your value to your target market to attract and direct? core message canvas, how to articulate value.
How to acquire customers predictably and profitably? Value journey worksheet..

One you get customer how to never let them go away. B2B, B2C= marketing business/customer. Either B2B or B2C we are all in H2H business so, works. Selling human to human so marketing is similar.
Generating traffic, lead and sales.

1>digital marketing strategy:
Marketing is owning entirety of customer journey.
Funnel:
Aware->engage with our content->lead magnet, lead generate(subscribe filling info clicking action button)->

Before above first know who our who is? Customer avatar canvas??
Mostly more than one customer avatar canvas for business as business offers for more than one type of customers. Unique traits of your customer and their frustrations and fear.
What feature and lack of features they complain about to your product or competitors?
Wants & aspiration of prospect moving towards is flip side of frustration and fear people moving away..
If you can speak to someone they want and they haven’t told anybody else you are in attention. Your message should reflect the problem and solution of the particular group of prospects.
What are the Key purchase drivers?wants and aspirations by looking fear and frustrations..
Key purchase drivers means features that makes you unique/helpful?
Expectation of service depends on cost of services for must of business..
How much your customer can. Spend?
Known deal killers?things that sells…
Big common objections of customer either from review/manually questioning..
Who are Additional stockholder to close the deal eg spouse, partners…
People don’t by product/services, they buy transformations…
To transform someone from less desirable state to more desirable state..
Great Sell Messing/content creating is Articulating shift from before state to after state
Transformation can’t happen unless you acknowledge their before state to create empathy and to connect/awareness/trust with them..
Then acknowledge after state which creates hope.. inject more story and narrative in your message which makes customer feels it’s me..
To capture someone attention, tell them a story but to capture their heart, change the story they tell about themselves…
What is the product goodness and the evil things that is defeating…
How to increase status?
What they don’t have before they do have after and what they have before that they don’t have after…
What’s their emotional state before and after ?
Day of customer before and after being your product and what’s bad day and ideal day like…content should be their experience…
Stories are already happening so as a content creator you narrating their story by changing their story in good way is enough..easy job for content creator…
Change the story somebody tells about themselves…
status of customer before and after being your product..Change the story somebody tells about themselves…
Good vs evil your product have vs your product eliminates…apple giving individuality back as IBM making people clone evil.

Core message canvas. How to tell, message how good you product can make their life..
You need to review your content in Lead magnet ideas, landing page copy, sale page copy..
Before and after state of your message..
Craft your statement of value…articulates the value you provide..
Customer has a job to do and they will hire best product/service to get it done?
Here is what our product can do and here is what you can do with our product, they sound similar but completely different…
One is product centric and another customer centric…

The greatest thing by far is to have command of metaphors, this alone cannot be imparted by another; it is a mark of genius for to make a good metaphors implies an eye for resemblance.

Ability to craft metaphors/ analogy..message should be clear best way to do using metaphors. Metaphors makes complex understandable.
Metaphors eg “Red Bull gives you wings”.

Mapping customer journey. Go through sequence don’t leave part of sequence… don’t purpose marry in 1st interaction..
Intimacy eg.. aware->engagement->subscribe->conversion(micro—commitment)->excite->ascend->advocate(testimonials)-> promote(turning happy customer to marketing partners or affiliate)
Opt-in form
Follow up to re-engage..
Time and money commitment we do so convert is that commitment..looking for coffee.
CVJ=customer value journey..
