CRM:
Software helps focus your entire business/agency in improving customer experience with your agency.
Main benefit is save all of your data in one single place ie
1> Customer contact
Customer communication history and
Customer purchase history
Even customer visit after 5 yrs the data remains.
2> properly used CRM helps get more sale:
As CRM allows you and your team focus on agency and growing more sale without doing lot of admin task.
CRM automates a lot of those task allowing you to focus on sales part.
3> CRM improves customer retention by making emotional attachment and making them feel special
4> create consistency, each customer separate data separate behavior.
5> create solid sale process.
CRM system cost you some money.. prioritize the lead , Individualizes customer data. If you use excel, emails, sticky notes etc you start to forget which clients what data and it degrades customer relation so you need CRM and manage in one place. Helps get long term client, helps when you get too many leads to manage the data of those lead in single place.
We use one CRM salesflare.

What is sale process ? How CRM improves it?
Sales process is the step you take to convert prospect into customer.
Two ways to connect with your lead(prospect) :inbound lead and outbound lead.
Outbound lead is when you contact prospect either through cold calling and inbound lead is prospect go through funnel ie go through customer journey either PPC or SEO we set to become our new lead/contact through website.
Outbound =when you contact them /
Inbound =when they contact you.

Outbound marketing involves proactively reaching out to consumers to get them interested in a product. By contrast, inbound marketing centers on creating and distributing content that draws people into your website.

Major benefit of using CRM is something called lead automation. Ie CRM automate by sending message to person who can solve the prospect query. Eg if prospect ask for SEO improvement then CRM notify to SEO specialist. Provide service and ask for follow-up. Follow-up can be anything like asking for testimonial, customer retention(do they need more service), seeing where they are right now.
You can connect your CRM system to outlook/gmail thus all of your conversation are automatically saved hence huge time save and productivity increase. CRM might have template on how to present the service for different customer copy same template and change according to requirement and thus all will follow up same template for specific customer. Follow up is email automation from CRM code asking testimonial after service received by mailing.

salesflare:
Intelligent CRM because so many automation processes, the second we signup we start to automation by CRM system adding your data from contacts automatically into the system. And it is very simple then other CRM just drag and drop.

Signup with business mail not email service as automation process becomes very early. For business email we have all of your client, history, it going to add all that data into CRM. Data is there in your business email. Then it adds all of your contact in business email into CRM system all data and history so,
