Seo
Semrus keyword research for website.paid
Mozbar is finding keyword difficulty for free
Keyword difficulty analysis, page/domain authority.
How difficult it is the keyword to rank specific keyword in its page PA/DA
Find keyword for which pa/da<25 in first page called keyword difficulty analysis.
If those poor website can rank on 1st page with page difficulty and domain difficulty so poor<25 with same keyword, our website can rank on first page too.
For some keyword such a poor website came in 1st page.
Use hardworking of competitor analyzing their page keyword in symrus and using in your website.
Google suggested in search bar drop box.
Popularity of your keyword from google trend website.
Keyword related to question?
Make blog website to target your product.
For content ideas subscribe to your niche/industry website and you get mail when they create new blog.
Dwell time, longer person spend on your website good
Decrease bounce rate.
At lease create 1 blog post a month or more don’t neglect.
Update existing content time and often if need.
How much content for post look top three post and do their average.
wordcount.net. to count word of three website to find avg.
On page SEO 3 kings URL, h1, SEO title tag.
Site:dipen.com”dipen”

Do follow vs no follow links:
Inbound link=hyperlink pointing to that page(backlink).
Many SEO folks refers link points as link juice(authority).
rel=“nofollow” no follow notice don’t count this.

SEOquake chrome extension helps know do follow or no follow link and tick highlight no follow links.
Great method for securing do follow back link are guest posting, skyscraper technique.
To see backlink semrus.
Good trusted website rank for many keywords and have descent organic traffic. Having no organic traffic may mean site may be penalized by google in the past.

A referring domain(having backlink)—which is also sometimes called a linking domain—is a website that links out to another website whose backlink profile you analyze. Every referring domain can have one or multiple links to a website.
Check if backlink is diluted ie linking to many website gives less authority to our site.
Back link should have relevance anchor tag, trust, link from “seed sites” will increase trust of your site. “Seed sites are google trusted gigantic site. New York time is seed sites, webMD is “seed site”. The big gigantic sites the google trust called “seed sites”.

GUEST POSTING: google healthy Eating”submit a guest post”
All website we can reach out to who accept guest post. Before guest position analyze website because they may not provide value to our website on the basis of SEO prospective.
Steal competitors backlink.
Forum link build eg reddish.

Black hat and white hat SEO: keyword staffing, spanning blogs with backlinks, stealing and reposting others articles google may penalize.
Create quality content, using relevant keyword, guest posting, answering post with value on blog.
Off page SEO social shoutout, backlinks, social shares.

What is google rank brain? Click through rate and dwell time.
skyScraper technique is link building technique where you improve the existing popular content and then replicate the backlinks. Here we reach out to those websites linking original content and asking to link our content too.

Reverse image search…if you publish visual assets such as infographics and charts, there may be website using your assets right now without giving attribution so, you reach to them and ask for crediting as link..use google reverse image search..

TECHNICAL SEO:
How to set up google search console to your website? Allow to have ton of info about our website like how it index in google and what to optimize visibility of website.

how to set google analytics account for your website?
There are two different version of google analytics, 1> universal analytics(GA3), 2> newer version google analytics 4 GA4. GA4 is not upgrade to GA3 it is complete different GA.

What is site map and how to create one and why are they important for SEO?

Submit your sitemap to google search console,
XML sitemap is the file that list out all the URL that you have in your website.
Having XML sitemap makes it super easy for google to view your website and have quick and clear understanding of all the page you have on it. If you don’t have sitemap, google have to find other pages for internal link.

Duplicate content, 404 pages, 301 redirects,
404 page bad for SEO as gives poor user experience
How to diagnosis your site with keyword cannibalization?
Same website target same keyword across multiple webpage Called keyword cannibalization. 2 pages competing for same keyword.
De-optimize one of two pages or redirect

What is Schema mark up is ?
Schema makeup is code the you write in your website which helps search engine return more informative result for users. if you have use Rich snippet you understand schema makeup is.

Dwell time is how long people spending on your site.
https://answerthepublic.com/ for content ideas. And moz.com to find if those title worth.

Negative SEO:
Low quality/spammy backlinks, keyword stuffing,

Relevancy keyword,
